friends welcome I find myself in girdles
reflex where the girdle is designed just
your measure and you are with me
cari placícan how is the procedure
of the low rapex in the palm that comes
make the difference between the steps
common since it is the only phase that
designs just to the stockings of
needs of each person and apart what
more important is that you are giving the
follow up week after week up
get the desired result that's right but
with real kyle strips since you got the
you put on since you get the zipper low
Up to two sizes I have experienced
like since I put on the girdle hey two
sizes less at the time so it's fine
important for people to know that the
treatment are seeing the result
as you use it and set aside
relationships with the lowering is the
material of what is elaborated that is
a material called termo flex that is
on the inside cotton side
outside so that it absorbs the excess
sweat and apart the rectory cream is that
the sign that you are going to help this
to avoid the flaccidity and the pressure that is
very important that it exerts in the mouth the
stomach
allows that not so is it exerts a pressure
in the mouth in the mouth of the stomach
creating the effect of gastric bypass and
I was reducing, reducing your tunnels
your size you are eating less and less
they make the adjustments per week for
how much charge for 30 pesos 30 pesos
only the weekly adjustment and you 're going
enjoying having a more figure
erect more elegant more youthful more
jovial hey and for health and for beauty and
that also chiropractors
recommend girdles SLR that's karim
well and we also have different
styles either nothing more to get off of
weight to correct the posture also
there are for the arms area to
shoot the junkyard to make
exercise and it is very important to stay
so are the distributors so that
give them more information depending on the
Necessity of castration like this is to lower
SLR has a distributor near
I recommend that you communicate to
any of the phones that appear
each screen you know also
that our page that also appears
on the screen and communicate and always
is the promotion of the day car and the 20
percent discount on how in the
treatment that the cream girdle
firming authorship either of lady of
horse hey that's something very important
also for gentlemen too
can lose weight if they have excess
abdomen true good you'll already know a low
according to your measure I love it because
families that have chaparra hey
there they are given special attention if
in the arm that has the back for
close the ribs for the girls that
they were just moms card and it's a
important this because it is with those
they see the result faster and
they are adjusted every three days
to get a better result
this is how to communicate to the phones that
appear on screen and know through
of all our images what is the
procedure how a belt is made
handmade made entirely to your needs and
to your need we have losses for
young Caribbean girls for adults
posture for hernias and even if for
this one from 8 years old I warned
and depending on the problem is how
we are recommending to do the
material or style you need
That's how it is
hey how many products do you have
reflective girdles are seven different people
and power materials depending on what
need of each person we also have
the waistband for exercise
Honey, that's the gentleman's master there
we have everything you can need
to correct your position to improve your
health and look beautiful because with sashes
reflex or you can start
sighs fall and to the bar or nothing else
is that you go down and also that you go
at the same time that you are going down that
go go global shape your figure
Well, here you know reflex belts and
here you can take advantage of this super
promotion when buying your package
complete to take the authorizes signature
before the 20% discount ok and also
we have the sash the back sash which is
the girdle to exercise like this is and
well, all my models that
appear on screen
take advantage of them with a discount
exceptional and the corrections each each
week
ok 30 pesos communicate that takes advantage of
promotion to win